Thanks to all the following contributors!

Dan

-----

Thanks to the authors of Exim, Samba, Postfix, Apache, sshd, fetchmail
and numerous other well-known packages for making your code available
for scrutiny for creating completely different packages such as this
one.

Thanks to Tellurian Pty Ltd for hosting the development of early
versions of this code and allowing me retain copyright, permitting me
to publish it in this form. Victor Wodecki and John gave valuable
feedback.

Thanks to Martin Poole and Tim Potter for initial review and many
others since.

--

Andrew Buckeridge reported a 32-bit PPC compile bug in nothing flat after 
the initial lighting talk. Ten points for speed :-)

--

Sean Burford sent me these three nicely documented patches:

GLOBAL.patch
Moves GLOBAL_LINE and GLOBAL_FILE definition out of daevel.c into
log.c, as this is where they are used.  This removed the dependency of
log.c on daemon.c.

closeall.patch
Removes the retainfd argument from close_all.  retainfd was always
tortu_sock, the listening socket from daemon.c, and whereever
close_all is called tortu_sock can either be safely closed or is not
open.  There was one spot where tortu_sock had to be retained, and
this was resolved by moving init_socket to a point after become_daemon
as documented in the patch.  Also, this patch makes tortu_sock local
to daemon.c since the other files don't really care what the listening
socket is.

ismaster.patch
Removes the global master_process boolean that is really only needed
in daemon.c.  become_daemon now returns -1 for error, 0 for child or 1
for master process (so it doesn't need access to a global
master_process flag anymore).  I modified the log output function to
always output the parent process ID, since to me there is little value
in suppressing the parent PID when we are the master process and this
would require a master_process global variable.

--

