Introducing Daevel....
----------------------

Daevel is a template daemon written in C from which new daemons can be
simply derived. It was inspired by what I couldn't find in Richard
W. Stevens' UNIX Network Programming, a foundation used by thousands
of programmers in many languages including C. Stevens writes about
principles and doesn't present complete solutions, whereas Daevel
tries to cover the important points for a production system. Daevel is
currently licensed under the GPL version 3.

Written in C ??
---------------

But C is a terrible language! All the best bugs come in C! Other
languages can be faster and more portable! Are you mad??[1]

The classic Unix daemons -- the ones found on many corporate networks
and of which a majority of the Internet is comprised -- are all
written in C. And the daemons comprising the *rest* of the Internet
are mostly written in C too. In fact nearly all system-level code in
the world and certainly all significant operating systems are written
in C. That means any study of good daemon practice must review these packages,
ergo, a careful implementor needs to read C [2]. This template
represents the beginnings of such a study.

You can write a fast, safe, portable daemon using Twisted, the Python
framework, or Ruby on Rails or lots of other things. But it won't
teach you how Unix works or this kind of network programming in
general. Nor will it help you if you are writing for a tiny embedded
platform, or if you want to graft in chunks of C pulled out of
assorted existing code.

One of the nicest things someone said to me about this was that it
helped some people debug a Python daemon... because once they
understood how this kind of network programming was supposed to be
done it all became clear. That's why I wrote daevel, to learn these
things for myself.


--
Dan Shearer
dan@shearer.org



[1] Probably

[2] See ISBN 0-201-79940-5 and ISBN 0-321-16607-8 to learn how and why
to read code.